So, I just logged into my Roblox account
and I got banned. Your behavior at
Roblox has been in violation of our
terms of use. Reason for spam. Subscribe
to my channel. Sub to my channel,
please. An offensive
item. Give me your Roblox. I just wanted
to play some Roblox today. Oh, all I
have to do is agree. You want me to
admit I did all of those? Okay, so we're
back on Roblox. Y'all told me to play
get a snack at 4:00 a.m., which sounds
right up my alleyway. I love a late
night snack. It's me, your
self-conscious. I am interrupting your
sleep to say that you are starving. You
appear to be waking up due to your
starvation. Sounds about right. You
honestly can't sleep in this condition,
so I advise getting a late night snack.
Just try to be sneaky about it. Okay,
anyways, you're waking up. I'll see you
soon. So, they entered my mind, woke me
up to get a late night snack. What's the
worst that can possibly happen? Here's
my bedroom. 4 in the morning. We got
some memes on the wall. Laughing orange.
That's from like 2009. Statue
collection. Clearly, I haven't
accumulated all of these yet. I'm still
a child. Yummy. Eat sword. Delicious.
And a
garbag. A garbag with mysterious purple
gas floating out. Let's pick up these
ticks. Oh, cash. Cash money. We have
money. Wow. Am I going to buy a snack?
Whoa. Who tossed all of these plants
around? Why is there a plant on the
ceiling? Mother is going to be pissed
when she sees this. I'm not really
feeling the blue carpet in this
household. What is this window? Leads to
this mysterious room with disco balls.
Must be the party room. How to get a
snack at 4:00 a.m. Oh, look. Robux.
I'mma pick all this money up. And that's
how you get free Robux. Another plant.
So, this one has not been knocked over
yet. More money. Let's just grab as much
money as we can. We have 24, 25, 26
monies. Carpet. There's a carpet on top
of the carpet. My dogs would see this
and be like, "This is the peeing
carpet." More mysterious purple gas
bubbling out of the gar bag. Thanks for
playing. I didn't even play. Okay, you
know what? The whole objective is to go
to the kitchen. Oh, I think we're in the
kitchen. There's a fridge. Open it. And
should we get a snack? Some Bloxy Cola.
Why does that rhyme with Ebola? Bloxy
Cola. Ebola. I have to pick up the Robux
in the fridge. What's this guy? He
doesn't look like food. Is this
somebody's head? Why is there a head in
the freezer and some cobwebs? I know for
a fact that spiders cannot live in the
freezer or the fridge. Let's close it.
Anyway, should we turn the stove on?
Perhaps cook a Bloxy Cola. How to make a
good breakfast. It's 4:00 a.m. Is it
breakfast time already? I think so. One,
get egg. Two, cook egg on stove. Three,
place cooked egg on plate. Four, place
orange juice. Five, enjoy. Oh, okay.
Somehow I think we must acquire an egg
or some chips for noobs. What do you
mean I can't pick this up? I can only
have one thing at a time. I think we're
going to have to put down our Bloxy
soda. Wait, was that candle there a
second ago? I don't think that candle
was there a second ago. Okay, chips. Can
we eat them? Wait, I just picked up some
chips, but it's it's a man in my
inventory. Why is there a little man?
Anyways, I think we should go acquire an
egg. That's crazy. I turned on the stove
and it turned on the lights. Oh, look.
More money. What do I need all this
money for? I'm in my house. Am I going
to go out and buy
groceries? Uh-oh. I threw the chips
away. I can't get them anymore. Oh, but
now I can pick up the orange that I Hey
y with another game of video. Looks like
we are going to play a game called Get a
Snack at 4 a.m. I can't move. You're
holding me hostage. Good thing it's not
at 3:00 a.m. That's when all the creepy
stuff happens,
right? Okay. Welcome, Tutti Frutti 9000.
Well, thank you. What happened? I got
the uh-oh ending. The orange. I thought
we were going to milk him and make
orange juice out of him. Got that rumbly
tumbly. Honestly, can't sleep in this
condition, so I I He just won't shut up.
That's why they call him the annoying
orange, I guess. Okay, we're going to
try this again, except we're going to
find an egg. I saw something move right
here. Oh, these are just trees.
Wow, that's me outside. Let's take a
walk at 4:00 a.m. Oh, how convenient.
There's a store right across the street
from my house that me, a 12-year-old,
can go to by myself. And it's open 24
hours. How convenient. And they also
have the mysterious purple gas leaking
out of the garbagi. Place an item here
and talk to me about it to purchase.
Bro's asleep. Okay, what have they gone
in the store? Do they got eggs? I think
we should get a egg. or this mysterious
floating and rotating
orb. Do you feel timelines shifting?
What does that even mean? There's free
money at this grocery store. Cool. Ah,
eggs. I can't pick up the eggs because I
have this mysterious orb. We no longer
sell toothpaste and orange juice
together due to the amount of people
buying and consuming them both. Don't do
this unless it is in a video game.
Definitely not. H Yeah, you're not
supposed to. It's supposed to be really
bad for your teeth. You're not supposed
to brush your teeth right after having
orange juice because orange juice is so
acidic. God, I can't get anything
because I have this orb. Out of order
due to being too cold. What? We can't
have ice cream sandwiches because it's
too cold. Okay, let me throw away my
orb. Wo! Did you really just throw away
a store item right in the trash? Sh. I
did no such thing. What's wrong with
you? I thought you weren't looking. How
was he able to see? You didn't place
anything. Oh, okay. Sorry. Okay, hold
on.
Egg. Let's just ignore that I threw away
a magical orb and we're just going to
get the eggs. You sure you want to buy
this egg? It'll cost you $25. Talk to me
again to purchase, bro.
$25. Eggs in real life aren't even that
expensive, man. Inflation has gone
through the roof. I'm going have to
sacrifice my rent money to get this egg.
Your inventory is full. Get rid of that
item. You can pick this up. Okay, hold
on. I have to take the orange juice. Oh,
did I just steal it? Uh-oh.
Uh-oh. Who are you? And why is the world
red? Did you really think I wouldn't see
a stealing? Uh, I don't have anything.
It's time for you to pay the price. Bro,
I thought we were in my
dreamland. Did he just un alive me for
taking some orange juice? You should buy
the item first. Ah, okay. Thank you. I
guess we learned a very valuable life
lesson today. Don't steal the orange
juice. I think what I have to do next
time is buy the egg, go home, drop it
off, and then buy the orange juice, and
go home and drop it off. Why is it so
difficult to have a snack these days?
I'm so hungry. I could eat a blue Roblox
head. Okay, we're going to take our
Bloxy
soda. This is our snack. Chips for noobs
and some Bloxy soda.
Nom. That was delicious. Epic breakfast.
This is something you'd eat while
gaming. Nice. I want to eat the head in
the freezer. Is that possible? Okay,
that might have been an epic breakfast,
but it's definitely not an ideal
breakfast. Not for a growing young lad
like myself. I need to get all the money
in this house. Anything that mother and
father leave around, I'm going to use it
to buy some eggs and some orange juice.
I'm going to have the ultimate
breakfast. There's me. Oh, it's so dark
out. Oh, the moon is still out now.
Okay, guys. No shoplifting. Oh, why does
this car look like a sticker? This is my
car.
Cashier. It's not even a real car. It's
a piece of paper. Oh, what is this? What
is this guy? Maybe we should not talk to
strangers on the way to the grocery
store at 4 in the morning. Purple man
gives you a bad feeling. It's me, purple
guy. I think he's very friendly. He
ain't doing nothing but being purple. Is
being purple a crime? There's so many
monies on the floor. Don't mind if I do.
I'm going to take all of these. Okay,
shut up. I'm going to put it witch brew.
That wasn't regular Bloxy soda. Look,
put this in the trash. Why can't I put
it in the trash? Okay, that was trash.
Oh, look. Money. Okay, a single egg. All
right, Mr. Cashier Man, shut up and take
my money. One
egg. Yes, I put the item here. I do want
to buy. Okay, will you let me leave now?
I hope so. No distractions. Good night,
purple guy. Good night, cashier's car.
I'm on my way to go home and make a
delightful breakfast. Turn on the stove.
I'm going to place my egg directly on
the stove. No pan. Be raw dog in it.
Cooking my egg. This is taking a long
time. I'm going to go get my orange
juice while it cooks. And hopefully the
house doesn't burn down by the time I
get back. Oh, money. I got free money
everywhere here. Hello, purple guy. I'm
back. All right, here comes the orange
juice. Sway to more money just in case
this sippy cup of orange juice cost
something ridiculous like $37. Why can't
I pick it up, bro? Why can't I get the
orange
juice? Why is there an
alarm? What did I
do? House fire. Oh, I didn't think the
egg would cook that fast. You left the
stove on for too long. Crazy how that
can happen. I didn't know how long the
egg was going to take to cook. I thought
I was going to go back to the house and
it was going to be perfectly scrambled
right in front of me. I just wanted a
snack at 4:00 a.m. House casually burns
down. Okay, we're going to do this right
this time. Turn on egg and cook it. I'm
watching the house. I'm making sure it
doesn't burn down. Oh, that's it. Oh,
wow. I turned around for 2 seconds and
it's a giant egg. Oh no. Oh no. I tried
to turn off the dial. The house is on
fire. What do you want me to do? I might
as well jump in it. The house burns
down. I burned down with it. Goodbye
world. Okay, we're going to make the
perfect breakfast. We have exactly 3
seconds to turn off the stove once the
egg is done. No waiting. No admiring its
yokiness once it's done cooking. Okay,
it's off. Pick up the egg. Hurry up. The
egg is on the table. I repeat, the egg
is on the table. Nobody eat it. I'm
going to the store to get my orange
juice. I'll be right back. Nobody better
interrupt my snack time. I hope $20 is
enough for some orange juice. No
distractions. I'm getting my juice. I
got the orange juice. Wake up, cashier.
Man, give it to me before I steal it.
$30. $30 for orange juice, bro. Where am
I going to get $30 from? We got money in
here. Ah, $28. Oh, there's money in the
back. Okay, I'm stealing from the store
to pay the store. Prices here are
ridiculous. Got my orange juice. Nobody
can stop me. What is that in the trash
can? Let me throw away a puppy. Why
would you throw away a puppy? Anyways,
no distractions. I'm still tired and
hangry. If I go home and my egg has
disappeared off the dining table, I'mma
freak out. Ah, yes. It's still here.
Okay, are you guys ready? Get egg cook
on stove top. Place cooked egg on plate.
We have already done that. Place orange
juice and enjoy.
[Music]
Wow, the perfect ideal breakfast. That
was delicious. Well done. That's a good
breakfast right there. Yes, I know.
Thank you. Oh, my statue collection. I
got a statue for shoplifting, fire,
breakfast, and orange. Oh, purple guy.
Wow, I told you he was a nice guy. He
gave me a whole statue. There's a 1 in75
chance to meet the purple man. What is
under my bed? What is that? Hi. If
you're seeing this, you've successfully
managed to generate my thoughts into
objects you could see since I can't
actually speak directly. Each timeline
has one of these notes in it. Can you
find them? I'll try. I thought the
objective was to get breakfast, not find
notes. Whoa. What is that? Who put that
there? E jump scare. I don't think
Flamingo is mentally capable of owning a
gun. Oh, there's a whole other room. How
did I not see this, bro? My father
figure. Is he dead? I thought it was a
bathtub. I thought he pulled a Hannah
Baker. Oh, okay. I'm just going to steal
his money. I don't know if I should wake
him up. Uh-oh. I got the Colgate. I have
a very naughty
idea. Oh, just as I thought. You could
pick the gold gate up, put it on the
plate as food. I know what I would like
as a midnight snack. $30 orange juice.
Let's go. I'm writing this before my
inevitable downfall. This world is
strange. I'm the one who has to keep it
safe. I will break soon. Okay. Well, we
have to go eat our toothpaste and drink
our orange juice at the same time before
the downfall happens. Okay, I can
finally enjoy a nice cold glass of
orange juice with some Colgate
toothpaste.
Nom delicious. That was delicious. You
probably shouldn't drink the orange
juice and then the Colgate. Wink wink.
Yeah, don't do it. Your teeth will
actually fall out. Oh, apparently I saw
a solar
eclipse. Wow, I didn't get a statue for
having orange juice in Colgate. I feel
ripped off. But anyways, that's all for
today. I hope you guys enjoyed this
video. Comment below. Let me know Roblox
games I should play next. And if you
guys enjoyed, make sure to hit that like
button and the and make sure you turn on
notifications. Click click and subscribe
to the Wolf
Pack. I love you guys so much. Thanks
for watching. Bye guys.